# download-songs-python
This script would download the song(s) for you. You need to create a file (songs.txt) and place it in a folder which is the same folder in which the script is placed. Even if you don't create a songs.txt file, it would tell you that songs.txt file is not present and a windows would popup to manually select the file which contatins the list of songs to be downloaded.

(I assume that the songs rank top on youtube when given the names that you have mentioned in the list. If there may be duplicate songs, consider writing keywords with songname like if you want to search the song Closer, you may type "Closer chainsmokers".)

Just fulfill the pip requirements given in requirements.txt and run the script (first copy the script into folder in which you want to download songs and run the script of that folder) (making sure that you have the list of songs in some .txt file) Make sure that you have active Internet Connection otherwise the script would show you "No Internet Connection" and would exit itself. After that, it would ask you for quality levels. 5 quality levels are provided. High quality levels lead to large file sizes and vice-versa. You need to enter the quality levels in form of number( like 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 ; they would be asked by the script), type the desired quality level number and press enter. Then, automatic processing would be done. If any song(s) could not be downloaded by the script it would show "Failed" after the song and the name of that song would be copied to templog.txt (this file would be created in the folder in which you are running the script if there are any fails). Then, it would ask you whether to empty out the text file in which list of songs is stored, so that songs are not downloaded when you run the script next time. You may press y or n (not case sensitive) and then press enter. "y" refers to Yes and "n" refers to No.
# Disclaimer
This script does not promote the downloading of copyright content. This is solely for educational purposes for learning web scrapping by python. I am not responsible for any piracy.